content/pages/home.md, before:

---
background: bg-white
template: HomePage
title: Länsförsäkringar Design System
intro: >-
  This is our platform for Länsförsäkringars digital brand. 

  This place can guide you in your role as a copy, UX, AD or frontend developer. Check out our components and visual identity or read more about UX-patterns.
shortcuts:
  - icon: /img/components.svg
    link: /components
    text: Check out our amazing components. Alerts, buttons and what not.
    title: Components
  - icon: /img/visual.svg
    link: /visual-identity
    text: Light and digital version of the Länsförsäkringar brand.
    title: Visual identity
  - icon: /img/globe_black.svg
    link: /patterns
    text: Learn more about how we work  with UX patterns
    title: Patterns
fullWidthImage: /img/startpage.webp
fullWidthImageMobile: /img/startpagemobile.webp
shortcutsBottom:
  - icon: /img/design_principer_.svg
    link: /foundations/principles-and-strategies/design-principles
    text: För att efterlikna det personliga mötet ska vi använda oss av våra
      hörnstenar. Expertis, labba och kontroll.
    title: Designprinciper
  - icon: /img/cx.svg
    link: /foundations/principles-and-strategies/cx-principer
    text: …syftar till att skapa förutsättningar för att styra beslut och
      prioriteringar kopplat till utveckling av kundmötet
    title: CX-principer
  - icon: /img/user_testing_.svg
    link: /foundations/user-testing
    text: the use of human animals in experiments that seek to control the variables
      that affect the behavior or biological system under study
    title: User testing
relatedLinks:
  - text: LFUI
    url: https://lf-digitala-kanaler.github.io/LFUI-components/
  - text: Prototypes
    url: https://lf-digitala-kanaler.github.io/prototypes/
---
**New designer at Länsförsäkringar?**

We will get you started in no time. Here you will find guides and tips if you work with design, code or copy.

[Let's get started](/foundations/getting-started)

Commit message:

added option to override meta-data from cms

content/pages/home.md, after:

---
background: bg-white
template: HomePage
title: Länsförsäkringar Design System
intro: >-
  This is our platform for Länsförsäkringars digital brand. 

  This place can guide you in your role as a copy, UX, AD or frontend developer. Check out our components and visual identity or read more about UX-patterns.
shortcuts:
  - icon: /img/components.svg
    link: /components
    text: Check out our amazing components. Alerts, buttons and what not.
    title: Components
  - icon: /img/visual.svg
    link: /visual-identity
    text: Light and digital version of the Länsförsäkringar brand.
    title: Visual identity
  - icon: /img/globe_black.svg
    link: /patterns
    text: Learn more about how we work  with UX patterns
    title: Patterns
fullWidthImage: /img/startpage.webp
fullWidthImageMobile: /img/startpagemobile.webp
shortcutsBottom:
  - icon: /img/design_principer_.svg
    link: /foundations/principles-and-strategies/design-principles
    text: För att efterlikna det personliga mötet ska vi använda oss av våra
      hörnstenar. Expertis, labba och kontroll.
    title: Designprinciper
  - icon: /img/cx.svg
    link: /foundations/principles-and-strategies/cx-principer
    text: …syftar till att skapa förutsättningar för att styra beslut och
      prioriteringar kopplat till utveckling av kundmötet
    title: CX-principer
  - icon: /img/user_testing_.svg
    link: /foundations/user-testing
    text: the use of human animals in experiments that seek to control the variables
      that affect the behavior or biological system under study
    title: User testing
relatedLinks:
  - text: LFUI
    url: https://lf-digitala-kanaler.github.io/LFUI-components/
  - text: Prototypes
    url: https://lf-digitala-kanaler.github.io/prototypes/
meta:
  description: This is a meta description.
  title: The Ultimate Gatsby Starter
---
**New designer at Länsförsäkringar?**

We will get you started in no time. Here you will find guides and tips if you work with design, code or copy.

[Let's get started](/foundations/getting-started)
